feat(js): Import `BrowserTracing` directly from a browser SDK (#6508)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/performance/configure-sample-rate/javascript.mdx

// substitute its name for `@sentry/browser` here
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",

  // This enables automatic instrumentation (highly recommended), but is not
  // necessary for purely manual usage.

>   // If you only want manual usage remove the BrowserTracing integration and add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // If you only want to use manually, remove the BrowserTracing integration and add
```

>   // If you only want to use manually, remove the BrowserTracing integration and add

Reviewer 2: l: I think a word is missing here. Maybe something along these lines:
(likewise for the framework includes below)
```suggestion
  // If you only want to use manual instrumentation, remove the BrowserTracing integration and add
```
